---
layout: post
title: "Version 1.6.0 released"
author: Antonio García-Domínguez
published: false
---

Version 1.6.0 has been released, with the following changes:

* _Change_: BPELUnit uses a different HTTP connection for each sendReceive activity. This ensures sendReceive activities are kept separate from each other and avoids race conditions.
* _Change_: the `<script>` in a test case `<setUp>` block is now run after loading the current row of the data source, so it can access its variables as well.
* _Change_: upgraded Velocity to 1.7 and integrated Velocity Tools 2.0 into the templates.
* _Feature_: `<send>` and `<sendOnly>` accept the new delay attribute, which contains an XPath expression that computes the delay to be used. The XPath expression can use variables in the data source. The old delaySequence attribute is still supported. However, it is forbidden to use delay and delaySequence in the same activity.
* _Feature_: The XPath expression in a `<condition>` can be generated by replacing the fixed `<expression>` element with a Velocity template in a `<template>` element.
* _Feature_: Support for setting HTTP headers on outgoing SOAP/HTTP connections.
* _Feature_: Support for having two WSDLs per partnerlink so that BPEL partner link types can be better imitated.
* _Feature_: Support for condition groups. Allows reuse of conditions across different receives.
* _Feature_: `<data>` and `<template>` in `<send>` can use the `src` attribute to load an XML document or Velocity template from a separate file.
* _Feature_: templates can use the new `printer` predefined context variable to print DOM elements back as XML.
